README.md, before:

# Naruto-Shippuden

There is no doubt that most  of our childhood was spent watching anime especially Naruto, we have seen and experienced it all. With Hacktoberfest 2021 coming up and being one of the people who would participate for the very first time, I decided to create this repository that's actually a very basic web-page that let the user view and add their favourite characters.

You can find all types characters on https://www.giantbomb.com/naruto-uzumaki/3005-790/friends/ and on https://www.giantbomb.com/naruto-uzumaki/3005-790/enemies/

# Contents of the Webpage

1. index.html - Contains the content of the main/home page.
2. index.css -  Contains the styling given to the  home page.
3. about.html - Contains a little information about me.

# What can you contribute?

There is always something to contribute to a project whether you are a novice or a veteran. In this project, you can add your favourite character as a card to the website! Or maybe you didn't like the line that you are reading right now and want to change that.Sure! Why not?

# How can you contribute
To contribute in Hactoberfest2020 , checkout the given link and win hactoberfest t-shirt ...
https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com/


And That's It!
Follow these steps to make your very first Pull request.

# But what if i don't know how to add cards :(

Not everyone is aware of every tool present in the world no matter how easy or complex it is. It's also not necessary to know each and every tool out there. Use the code below to add the your own card!

Code - 

               <!-- card end-->
               <div class="card mb-3 card-bg my-4" style="max-width: 100%;">
                  <div class="row no-gutters">
                      <div class="col-md-4">
                         <img src=[image-link] alt=[name of character] height="390px" width="300px">  
                      </div>
                  <div class="col-md-8">
                     <div class="card-body">
                        <h2 class="card-title">[name of character]</h2>
                        <p class="card-text">[Main description about character]</p>
                        <p>[some more description about character]</p>
                    </div>
                 </div>
               </div>
             </div>
           <!--card end-->

Copy this code and paste it in the index.html file to make your changes. Try and test it on your own system and then create a Pull request. You can adjust height of image of character so that it will fit in card.


# Congratulations!

Congratulation! You just made your first pull request and if it gets merged, you can view it using the Link provided above!

Commit message:

directions on where to insert hero or villain card

README.md, after:

# Naruto-Shippuden

There is no doubt that most  of our childhood was spent watching anime especially Naruto, we have seen and experienced it all. With Hacktoberfest 2021 coming up and being one of the people who would participate for the very first time, I decided to create this repository that's actually a very basic web-page that let the user view and add their favourite characters.

You can find all types characters on https://www.giantbomb.com/naruto-uzumaki/3005-790/friends/ and on https://www.giantbomb.com/naruto-uzumaki/3005-790/enemies/

# Contents of the Webpage

1. index.html - Contains the content of the main/home page.
2. index.css -  Contains the styling given to the  home page.
3. about.html - Contains a little information about me.

# What can you contribute?

There is always something to contribute to a project whether you are a novice or a veteran. In this project, you can add your favourite character as a card to the website! Or maybe you didn't like the line that you are reading right now and want to change that.Sure! Why not?

# How can you contribute
To contribute in Hactoberfest2020 , checkout the given link and win hactoberfest t-shirt ...
https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com/


And That's It!
Follow these steps to make your very first Pull request.

# But what if i don't know how to add cards :(

Not everyone is aware of every tool present in the world no matter how easy or complex it is. It's also not necessary to know each and every tool out there. Use the code below to add the your own card!

Code - 

               <!-- card end-->
               <div class="card mb-3 card-bg my-4" style="max-width: 100%;">
                  <div class="row no-gutters">
                      <div class="col-md-4">
                         <img src=[image-link] alt=[name of character] height="390px" width="300px">  
                      </div>
                  <div class="col-md-8">
                     <div class="card-body">
                        <h2 class="card-title">[name of character]</h2>
                        <p class="card-text">[Main description about character]</p>
                        <p>[some more description about character]</p>
                    </div>
                 </div>
               </div>
             </div>
           <!--card end-->

Copy this code, search for either: "Hero cards end" or "Villain cards end" and paste it on the line before that comment in the index.html file to make your changes. Try and test it on your own system and then create a Pull request. You can adjust height of image of character so that it will fit in card.

# Congratulations!

Congratulation! You just made your first pull request and if it gets merged, you can view it using the Link provided above!
